Sun Dou, then our bet
Oh, I-I didn't think you could do it.
So be it.
This hospital is my property
All hospital expenses and medical expenses of your loved one are free
In addition, I give priority to finding his kidney source
Surgery as soon as possible
Then thank you so much, Mr. Sun.
If it really solves my love problem
Then our bet is written off
Ok, thank you Mr. Yi Xiaoyan
How did it go?
I said Yiqiu really changed it this time, right?
I hope he won't let me and my daughter down again this time.
Uncle Sun?
Thank you oops
Mr. Xia, you are welcome.
I was shortsighted.
Misunderstood Mr. One
I didn't expect his business theory
The mastery is perfect
Earned over 1 million in 5 days
It's incredible.
Just say
There was a certain gambler who had a gift for business.
But I fell for it before
Just want to gamble
Self-destruct clear
Double sword, I am a prodigal son who will not be exchanged for money
I have promised Xiao Yang
From now on, I will make money with my own hands
Never gamble again
As expected of a young person
Mr. Yi, I have one more request
Mr. Sun, please say
I would like to pay a monthly salary 1 million
Hire you as a business consultant for my company
I don't know what you think.
What's your monthly salary?